#TODO 
A prominent monster hunting family of the [[Kingdom of Sirkonos]]. They live in [[Keldmire|Keldmire]] in the [[Einzbern Hold]]
# Members
---
## Einzbern Hunters
- [[Kanan Einzbern]]
- [[Tevis Einzbern]]
- [[Mikael Einzbern]]
- [[Tevis Einzbern]]
## Members of the Einzbern Family
- [[Isolde Einzbern]]
## The Founding Einzberns
The group of knights that make up the seven founding members of the Einzberns made their home in a grand temple to [[Lathander]] and fortress during the [[History of Helodaria#The Age of Ascension|Age of Ascension]], [[Kenifria]]. Their binding of [[Athelstan]] required the sacrifice of their afterlife, and the corruption of their bloodlines. They stole holy light and bound it to their descendants - syphoning power to the Urd tree that binds Athelstan, and stealing power from him in turn.

- Syr [[Riemann Maine]]. Bald, tall, axe wearing human. Sirkonian, more gentle, deep voice but jolly and tries to bolster his friends.
- Syr [[Elizabeth Curte]]. Well built young woman with black hair and an ashy patch. British and proper sounding, but not proper in her mannerisms.
- Syr [[Lathran Murke]]. A wizard of long black hair with silver tips, the old Aasimar was responsible for the spell’s design that would allow the Vessel of Avarice to be used to imprison the fey that used it to ascend. He bears a wise tone and is a true devout follower of Lathander
- Syr [[Lorian Foltran]]. Short black hair and moustached human with serious tone. Strong and certain in his mannerisms
- Syr [[Tristan Renwillow]]. Golden locks and a light build wearing an ornate breastplate and a blade at his side. Happy but also serious when the time calls for it.
- Syr [[Jerrit Marlow]]. Dwarf of maul-wielding stature. He has extremely long black hair and a very well adorned beard. He has a tired air about how he speaks.
- Syr [[Siegfried Einzbern]]. Short, tamed hair. Middle age. Longsword at his back and armoured pauldrons atop hard leather fittings and chainmail and metal. His right pauldron is adorned with a wolf’s head insignia. He often also uses a maul in combat.

# Schools and Training
---
The Einzberns practice various combat forms as well as magics and arts that aid them in their hunts. Three specializations take shape, representing different forms of hunting expertise and a focus of study for initiates.

- **The School of Blades** focuses on intense physical training and mastery of swords, bows, and movement.
- **The School of Calamity** practices profane magic and dark arcana.
- **The School of the Chimera** teaches a mastery of alchemy, chemistry, and offers its students a heightened form of the mutagen to truly push what their physical bodies are capable of without complete destruction.

Each Einzbern would be taught the basics of the three schools over the course of 4 years and upon reaching the age of 12 and completing their basic studies they would be given the chance to choose which school they would study under to further improve their abilities.

Most Einzberns would study under the school of Blades as it offered the most conventional means of training and better suited the average individual.

The school of the Calamity would be the second most popular, as those who are gifted in the arcane arts or were not as physically fit as those who wished to study under the school of Blades were given the chance to gain stronger through the use of magic and were given the discipline to master the more sinister elements of magic.

The school of the Chimera would undoubtedly be the least popular of the three with its number of students and teachers sitting in the 20's. This unpopularity is warranted as a good number who choose to study under the school of the Chimera don't survive the initiation ceremony which involves the physical augmentation of the new recruits bodies through very dangerous alchemical means. Due to this practice it is the most controversial of the three schools but often those who survive the initial trials grow to become the most capable of monster hunters.
## Blades Training
The school of blade's training involves rigorous physical activities and the study of martial manuscripts. Students will be pushed to their physical limits and achieve near superhuman athletic skills and martial prowess to prepare and protect them from the dangers that lurk in the swamps and wilds of Sirkonos. They are also taught alternative hunting methods that would prove more useful in dealing with monsters and this school would also place a large emphasis on knowing your enemy and taking large preparations before hunting a dangerous creature. While they are trained to use many weapons from flails to shortswords and even whips, most under the tutelage of the blade will choose one weapon and master every avenue of it over the course of their studies, learning to shift their grip in between strikes to press an advantage, or learning a multitude of different guard points and stances for their chosen weapon. They are also taught to memorise hundreds of alchemical formulae and hunting strategies, each tailored for specific encounters or situations. When you combine their physical and martial prowess with their cunning and sheer wealth of knowledge, they become expert hunters capable of adapting to any situation they find themselves in, planned or not.  

The Blades have a relatively low bar to entry when compared to the other two Einzbern schools, though that is not to say that they are weaker in comparison. The Blades make up the bulk of the Einzberns numbers, and their knowledge of the Sirkonian wilds and the beasts within it allow them to be fast and efficient hunters who are able to travel quickly across the harsh bogs and forests to chase down their targets or to help any villages in need of their aid.

It is a simple but humble school, founded on the tradition that technique and preparation above all else is the difference between life and death on the battlefield. Its members are deeply rooted in tradition and will often resort to practical methods to any problems they may face. They rely heavily on their training and equipment, such as traps and silvered blade oils, to hunt their quarry.
## Calamity Training
For one to study under the school of the Calamity, they must be an individual of immense resolve and willpower, as the magic and power they will gain access to is incredibly dangerous and can easily corrupt those who are more feeble minded. Many of its members are more reserved, intellectual individuals who believe that knowledge above all else is the key to power. Their training can be compared to that of a monk schools training, focusing not only on their physical ability, but their mind as well.

Students of the Calamity will often travel to the furthest corners of Sirkonos in search of arcane relics and ancient knowledge. There are even some instances of students of the Calamity travelling to other continents in search of arcane power, although this is an incredibly rare case. Most Einzberns of the Calamity school will take to lives of isolation and restraint in regard to their work to keep their corrupting magics away from others who might be easily tainted by their power.

Their combined knowledge of weapon techniques and powerful dark magics allows them to engage in hybrid forms of combat, weaving destructive spells in between their precise swings and making short work of anything foolish enough to stand in their way.
## Chimera Training
Chimera students are few and far between as their study is by far the most dangerous. Students are subjected to powerful mutagens that alter their flesh and sinew into something far above that of normal standards. They will gain the ability to outrun a direwolf, snap an ogre's forearm, and even survive torrents of poison that would render most warriors into a pile of sludge, but all of this comes at the cost of immense suffering and the loss of their humanity. Members of the Chimera school are often stripped of their emotions due to the intense trauma and pain they've suffered throughout their augmentations.

New initiates will undergo 4 stages of augmentation over the course of 8 days, the first stage being to open the students' bodies to change and weaken the bonds of their flesh so that they might be rearranged later. This is done through a slightly acidic mutagen which ever so slightly eats away at the sinew holding their bodies together. The results can be disturbing to say the least, students will feel a powerful burning sensation under their skin for the first few hours and will experience intense sweating as their bodies are broken down. In the later stages their skin will become paper thin and their blood vessels will be visible to the naked eye, even the slightest motion can tear the skin, so students are given a powerful paralysing agent to restrict their movement so that they don't tear themselves apart with their own spasms of pain.

The following day, once the students have recovered from the acidic mutagen and the paralysing agent has worn off, the second stage begins. This stage focuses on strengthening and adjusting the students bone structure to allow their bones to survive the immense strain their augmented bodies will put on them. The students are injected with a powerful mutagen that encourages calcification and another mutagen that steadily replaces their bone marrow with a new marrow that secretes a chitinous substance that will further strengthen their bones. These mutagens are often injected directly into the bone structure as they are thicker than most solutions and would kill the student should they be put directly into the bloodstream. Students will slowly begin experiencing powerful growth pains across their bodies and in some instances their bones can actually be heard moving and cracking under their skin. Some unlucky students will have a violent reaction to this mutagen and their bones can grow or rearrange too quickly, causing sharp shards of bone to break and tear the skin or puncture internal organs and cause severe internal haemorrhaging. This stage of the augmentation process usually lasts for around 2 days before the students are subjected to the next phase of initiation.

The next phase involves the augmentation of the students muscular structure and organs. This stage is by far the most dangerous and has the highest mortality rate. Students injected with a mutagen that is a mixture of powerful steroids and a bonding agent. This mutagen works to augment their muscular structure with faster more dense muscle fibres that can contract and expand at fractions of the speed of normal muscle fibres granting them incredible reflexes and strength and when contracted these new muscle fibres have a similar durability to stone. Their circulatory system is also pumped with a coagulating agent to hasten blood clotting in the event that they suffer a severe wound in battle it will scab up in seconds, allowing them to fight for longer and survive blows that would kill normal humanoids. This coagulant gives their blood a thick and dark ichor like appearance. Students will experience large uncontrolled movements and icy cold shivers as their muscles are repeatedly torn and sewn back together by the mutagens. The effects can be similar to that of a severe possession or seizure as their bodies twist and contort in strange ways whilst a thick black blood secretes from their facial orifices. The pain experienced in this phase of augmentation is unlike anything, as most will pass away from severe shock and horror for a lack of better terms. The students are given a very powerful pain medicine that can cause sensory and auditory hallucinations in large doses, but it helps keep them from expiring due to shock. This phase lasts for 3 days and the students are kept in a semi upright position so that they don't choke or drown in their own fluids whilst the mutagens are in effect. 

Following the augmentation of the muscular structure comes the augmentation of the nervous system. The students are injected with a mutagen that facilitates and replicates a structure similar to that of the nerve endings and neurons found throughout the body. This mutagen will work to expand the students' neural pathways and stretch their nerve endings to grant them complete control over their metabolism and fine tune's the signals their brain sends to the rest of their body, allowing them to have more precise and fluid control over every organelle in their body. This mutagen grants them the unsettling ability to feel their internal organs and control every aspect of their body's involuntary functions. The side effects of this mutagen will cause the students to be hit with sharp pains as their nerve endings are mutated and augmented. Survivors have described it as if they had ants moving and burrowing through their body. This final phase lasts for 2 days and students' bodies will often be in a state of lucidity by this stage due to the strain placed on their minds and bodies over the course of the 8 day initiation.

The initiations process will also render the Einzbern subject sterile and their bodies are now incredibly damaged and altered by the mutagens rendering their blood into a toxic sludge brimming with harmful poisons and chemical residue from the mutagens and their bodies will take on a unusual appearance as their skin turns to a pale white and their veins turn black.

It takes a student's body a minimum of 7 days to recover from the augmentation process with most students only regaining the ability to communicate and remain in a somewhat conscious state after 4 days of rest. After the initiation process, fledgling Chimeras will be taught to memorise hundreds of alchemical formulae to further temporarily enhance their new bodies beyond normal limits and will also learn how to create powerful poisons from simple plants and alchemical ingredients. Students of the Chimera will be offered the greatest respect from their fellow Einzberns as recognition of the horrors they've endured, but outside of the Einzbern house they are treated as monsters and freaks by the common folk who see them as wretched and twisted human forms.

For the house head heirs, they still would have partaken in the training and trials in the same sense that other young Einzberns would have, but they would receive extra training from their father and their uncle and would learn the more traditional means on which their family was founded. These extra lessons included learning the history of the Einzbern clan down to some of its first generation members, although Kanan never finished this tutelage before the vampires attacked, so the more mysterious elements of their family's history remains a mystery to him.