The [[Grave Nest]] is both a graveyard and a place of worship to the followers of [[The Raven Queen]]. The area is approximately 75 hectares surrounded by well kept metal and stone fences and gates, the main gate about double the size of the smaller ones. There are a total of 5 temple-structures within the Nest, the largest of which acting as a central worshiping location. The location is dotted with trees and a great variance in grave sizes and level of affluence. There are stone benches, small shrines and pathways throughout the entire area.

There are a few historical records of the [[Shadowfell]] and death in the larger, more central of the 5 temples. Below this is also Catacombs where some of the more prominent families of [[Dularen]] are buried.
# Characters
- The head Cleric of the Temples is the High Walker [[Lorgar Thell]]
- The area within the Grave Nest is usually darker or slightly more overcast than the rest of the city. Usually, ravens can be found roosting in the trees of the area.
- Priests and Clerics of the Raven Queen wander the area, offering prayer and comfort to those who are grieving their loved ones. One such cleric is [[Veylan Glovir]], a human cleric of the Raven queen.
- The clerics of the 
#### The five temples and their purposes
They are arranged in a general pattern from west to east, two are westmost, one to the north and one to the south, and then in a row three temples.
- The **central** one is used for the majority of the various services that the worship provides, places of embalming and candle making and inscribing. This is also where the most prestigious of tombs are found in the Grave Nest, often nobles come to pray or meditate in their family tombs.
- The **north most** of the western temples acts as a living space for the members of the order. There is a dining room, a collection of bath houses, as well as burial chambers for some of the members of the order.
- The **south most** of the western temples is a place of worship and is at the center of a large graveyard.
- The **eastmost** of the temples is a small place where memorial and funeral services are held.
- The **second most easterly** of the temples is the largest of the temples and the center of communion and worship for the raven queen. This is the most gothic cathedral-like of all of the structures in the area. Dark hallways, stained glass, and many candles lit around the entire location. Deep in the basement, around the same level as the under-crypt where Kara’s soul was being held, in a chamber roughly 70ft tall, there stands a statue of the Raven Queen that protrudes from a pool of dark water roughly 20ft square. This pool is used to commune with the Raven Queen. By entering the water, a numb feeling extends around someone that can be resisted. By succumbing to this numbness, one can induce a form of undeath while in the pool, and can commune with the Raven Queen. This process is known as the [[Rite of Death Walking]]
#### Relics and Items of Importance
- The [[Necromantia]] are a series of important tomes that are used by Raven Queen followers of importance, some over 5 millennia old. They are used as a catalogue of those who have passed away, and as a way of recording history.