The base of the [[Imperial Arcanists]] in [[Vasspryg]], the Ixalan complex is a massive grey stone structure  which is decorated by windows and sigils which act as a myriad of defences. There are many offset spires that fork out as you look further up. The exterior is surrounded by an artificial square pond with water that can be walked on.
# History
# Rooms
1. The **lobby**, an entrance area to the rest of the tower. Many lesser teleportation circles are visible on this level. There are many guard steward like mages down here, all wearing D2 warlock like armour. The guards and these sentries act as receptionists. The rest of the lobby is decorated with lesser magical items, artefacts and other trinkets. On this level, there are 4 large iron golems, ready to be called in case of emergency.
2. The **Archives of [[Ixalan the Harrowed]]** is a very large library, larger than what can be sensibly stored in the building. This subspace library is a collection of magical history, theory, and practical works in the forms of spell scrolls. Constructs such as shield guardians watch this area. It is used as a library for the whole of the empire's officials, and is a valued resource to the Arcanists.
3. The middle section of the tower is thought to be the largest. This section is named the **Arcanum,** a large section of workstations where many forms of magic are studied, practised and monitored. From the forging of magical items for use in the empire, to mass production of scrolls, to the very difficult development of new Runes to even expeditions to other planes, this area has a section for any magical escapade.
4. The top quarter of the building is dedicated to the storing and protection of magical items. This is the home to the adult silver dragon [[Harrix]], who protects his hoard with undying commitment. Among the hoard, the most notable items protected are: The Flame of Reality, Half of the Magi Talismans (wielded by the dragon), an unclosable portal to the [[Shadowfell]] (see death chamber harry potter). In this area are also chambers for the high ranking officials of the Arcanists, including [[Gwendolyn Yuri]]