# The World
**Welcome to Helodaria.** A world of magic and blades and monsters. The history of this world is one of sorcery and Gods, ascension and ruin. 

The world around you is unknown. Points of light connected by trade routes may give the merchants some feeling of security, but it is a false sense that they know the edges of the map just as well as anyone can. In reality, the wars of **The Fall** centuries ago caused the loss of more than life.

Since then, various empires and kingdoms have sprouted anew or rebuilt out of the rubble of what was. The Empire of Zitrumea and her royal houses control most of the prime continent bearing the same name. The Kingdom of Sirkonos, the City of Desseran and the Republic of Ruina all seat themselves across the continent of Eranulaid to the north, growing from the ruins of an old empire once sundered by hubris and heresy. The Republic of Pyleas, stretched across the Southern Zitrumean seas and its archipelago is a home to many peoples and expressions, philosophers and athletes. The Sundance Isles and their waters governed by the law of the sword and the avarice of the captains who claim them as their home.

The setting is a meant to be an accomodating fantasy land. If you can imagine it fitting into Skyrim, the Witcher, World of Warcraft (to some extent), Lord of the Rings, or Castlevania, it will likely fit into Helodaria. Why is my gun-slinging cowboy fighting a frost giant in the elemental realm of ice? Well I don't know, lets figure it out, that sure sounds like a great adventure!

# The Story So Far
On the North-Eastern fringes of the Empire of Zirtumea sits the city of Nethendell, a walled fortress that acts as a seat of power for the lesser house of house Tormon. Nethendell is a final rest stop for travel to the frigid northern realms, and for those seeking the elven city of Qel-Annura in the East, but the valley in which it sits is far from tamed, civilised land.

In the recent weeks, Lord Sirius Tormon has fallen ill, and his son, Eskel, has had to assume control of the fief. In the last week, rumors of orcs and goblinkin in the surrounding hills came to a head when the nearby farming and fishing village of Pallidmoore was attacked and overrun by an army of hobgoblins, united under some unseen will. Survivors fled to the walls of Nethendell, but mere days later, the city, too, was overrun. Now, refugees from the city hide in an abandoned mine under the leadership of a mage of the Convocation of the Talisman, Tira Stone, and the greatest resistance to the invading forces is but a small region surrounding Castle Sungrand, their forces unable to lend aid without exposing themselves to attack.

The party as it stands has escaped the horde that now occupies Nethendell, delivered a coded message to Tira Stone, and have travelled through the forest of Arden's Vale to petition the lord of Castle Sungrand, Margit Tormon, the elder of the Tormon brothers, for aid for the refugees. The night of their arrival to the military camp in Sungrand, the group was attacked by dark forces in the night, fighting off and defeating undead assassins. Now, Margit has provided them lodgings within the keep of Sungrand itself. But doubt of allegiances sows itself through the relationships of the party, and questions and uncertainty only grows.

# Rules
We will be playing dungeons and dragons 5th edition, published by Wizards of the Coast. Just to clear up some confusion, Wizards did publish a revision to the core 5th edition rules in 2024, but neglected to rename the version or provide any kind of distinction between the two as far as edition name goes. The version I plan on running for is the 2014 edition of 5th edition. All of the rules are available on https://2014.5e.tools/, and I also highly encourage people to read through the basic rules on dnd beyond here https://www.dndbeyond.com/sources/dnd/basic-rules-2014, but you can get away with just showing up.

I don't, however, encourage the use of the dndbeyond toolset. In fact, I simply don't run for characters whose character sheets are exclusively on beyond. It makes learning the rules take a while, it has consistently incorrect rule descriptions in my experience, the UI is really janky for many features, and making a character the traditional way is actually really easy.

# Character Creation
Im down to put an hour or two aside sometime to just sit and get the characters created. One thing that can really sort of slow things down is the player decision making process: if you know you want to play "Ugthak" the Orc barbarian, an experienced player can generate the character sheet in like 10 minutes, but sitting and considering what your character is going to be will be a more arduous and personal journey, and sadly one that I have little control over.

If you want to ask any questions about my world or about how your character might fit in, please just DM me. This is my main passtime and I will literally spend hours talking about it if it means you are having fun when the dice start rolling.

What makes a "good" character? Three things, really: They must be fun for you to play, they must be fun to DM for, and they must be fun for the other players at the table to play with.

# Playing the Game
I am your dungeon master, I am not your opponent. This is an incredibly important distinction that must be made early. If you have fun, I have fun. But that also means that I need to know what you are thinking/planning/considering for your characters or in your session. I don't mind being tactically outplayed in combat, hell if you don't think things through I will just murder your character. But I am here to ensure you have an enjoyable, climactic time. And I also need to ensure that you get to play the fantasy that you want to play, so long as it is fun for me, fun for you, and fun for the other players at the table.